So..Who was it?
Wait. I don't know who it is. But
So got, got?
Was it?
Yeah, I'm right, right?
So good
Never right, never right. Who's the guy?
Okay. Tell me the girl
Who? and do you come?
Huhuh
Well, I don't know who that was.
Introduce me the one.
Yeah. I've never heard of this before.
Really? What?
Ohh!
***, ***, right?
Okay, I was saying that earlier, and you were like really good, I was like, oh, so it's not Chris.
Yeah. It's really pretty.
And the other one?
really?
If I don't know him, then it doesn't hurt to say the name.
Can I go to initials?
huh hahaha huh
Now huhu
I hope not.
um...
Wait, was he a loser? Oh not willing. Not in that group?
We're safe. hahahu
But they're locked in, I think. They're locked in.
Huhuhu
really?
wow!
Oh, may be solved right?
It will
Personally, me no, but I can see it. Yeah
No. It's okay. I don't judge.
Yeah. See, isn't that the worst part?
Like just sending the message would be the worst part. And then after that...
Queer sailing with Mitchell Chen.
I know about it.
ahahaa
ahahaha
Think
I think your questions. No. I don't think so.
No, I have not actually.
Well that's not you guys.
That's not you guys, yours enough to
Hahu Do you?
uhm..
Sounds really bad news. Huh?
yeah
I know you won't. It's just like...
There's too many people who know like about like know to ***
He was a loser. So, it's like
No, he's part of like, the, like...
Loser. From 24.
Yeah, like, hahuhu
Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing?
Hah. No. Wait, was there a rest of you?